Promote paid plans slightly more in the doc (#1911)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-limits.md

💡 [Team or Enterprise Organizations](https://huggingface.co/enterprise) include 1TB of private storage per seat in the subscription: for example, if your organization has 40 members, then you have 40TB of included private storage.

> \*We aim to continue providing the AI community with free storage space for public repositories. Beyond the first few gigabytes, please use this resource responsibly by uploading content that offers genuine value to other users. If you need substantial storage space, you will need to upgrade to [PRO, Team or Enterprise](https://huggingface.co/pricing).

Reviewer: maybe even a bit stronger: "we require that you use this resource responsibly..."

## How can I free up storage space in my account/organization?

> There are several ways to manage and free some storage space in your account or organization. First, if you need more storage space, consider upgrading to a PRO, Team or Enterprise plan for increased storage limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to manage and free some storage space in your account or organization. First, if you need more storage space, upgrade to a PRO, Team or Enterprise plan for increased storage limits.
```

Reviewer: feel free to ignore, slightly stronger wording
